{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red67\green67\blue67;\red17\green85\blue204;\red5\green99\blue193;\red102\green102\blue102;\red85\green85\blue85;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;\red246\green246\blue246;\red36\green39\blue41;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}{\s4 heading 4;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\sb400\sa120\sl276\slmult1\cf1\f0\fs40 Assessment Three\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\sb360\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Team Profile \par
\cf2\b Team Name :\b0  Meta Tier Solutions\par
\fs40 Personal information\fs32  \par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf3\fs28 Doug Barrett\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 {\cf2\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul https}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul ://}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul rmit}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul -}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul subatomic}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul github}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul io}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul Assessment}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul -}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul one}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul -}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul My}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul -}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul Profile}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rmit-subatomic.github.io/Assessment-one-My-Profile/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qj Meta Tier Solutions - Team Leader\par
\b\tab\b0 I am an Australian born citizen with Argentinien family background, I left school halfway through year 12 to commence a traineeship as a Network Technician with a small local business on Yorke Peninsula, I then moved on from that role due to personal reasons and headed back into the hospitality game, there I was able to travel around Australia and manage different hotels for a number of years. While traveling I had the opportunity to study a number of boating certificates to gain employment in the shipping trade, but that fell short, as I found my beautiful wife who I have been with for 10 years and counting. \par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs28 Matt Wilson\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 {\cf2\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 https}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 ://}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 mattwilsonrmit}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 .}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 github}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 .}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 io}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 /}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 S}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 3826711/}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 index}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 .}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mattwilsonrmit.github.io/S3826711/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 html}}}}\cf2\f0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj ID- s3826711 || Meta Tier Solutions \f1\endash\f0  Frontend DevOps\par
I am a 30-year-old single father from Queensland whose hobbies include writing music, gaming and programming. My interest in IT began at a young age after playing video games and building my first computer, but it didn't truly flourish until my late 20's during my work in a technical role within a CCTV program. \par
I believe this passion for IT is the result of a combination of the freedom for creativity it can offer and the ever present and changing problem solving aspect of the industry. The room left for further innovation feels near infinite, the possibility for us to all leave our footprint of humanity is very much available to those of us passionate to pursue a career within Information Technology.\par
I have experience working within a government organization contributing to front-end web design and development along with general troubleshooting and maintenance on equipment and software.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\s3\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf3\fs28 Sean Cullen \par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 {\cf2\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 https}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 ://}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 s}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 3735706.}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 github}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 .}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 io}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\fs24 /}}}}\cf2\f0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj Student Number: s3735706   \par
RMIT Email: s3735706@student.rmit.edu.au  \par
Website URL: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul https}}}}{\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul ://}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul s}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul 3735706.}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul github}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul io}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3735706.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf5\ul /  }}}}\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs24\par
\fs22 In this section about myself I have added more personal information about me, that I didn\rquote t think to add in my original website. I was born in Adelaide South Australia. My mother was born in the UK she was raised in India, my father was born in Switzerland he was Swiss French, my culture is mainly British despite the cultural diversity. I completed year 11, Cert 2 and 3 in security, Cert 2 in fitness and did a diploma in IT. One of my hobbies is Tarantula keeping. I had kept thirty different species of Australian Tarantulas. I started a group on Facebook for reptile\rquote s invertebrates and amphibians. I have a cat her name is Bella I raised her from a six-week- old kitten. In my spare time I do weight training, cycling, reading and playing sims 3 on pc. I am the youngest of five in my family, my life wasn\rquote t an easy one I was brought up in a very religious strict environment. I broke away from the religious environment which lead to me being disowned. I had to form a new life without family support. I have lived in Sydney and Melbourne, I lived in Sydney for 12 months and I lived in Melbourne for 6 years. I have a partner who lives in Cardiff Wales and I am working towards moving over there after I complete my studies. I have travelled overseas to England, Germany, Amsterdam, Singapore, Vanuatu, New Caledonia and Thailand. I leave in four weeks to Wales to see my Fianc\'e9. I reside in Adelaide South Australia; I live in the city itself which is handy for me as I don\rquote t drive. I am one of those people you will see at a local caf\'e9 enjoying a latte perusing social media or reading the paper. Our team name is Meta Tier Solutions we came up with the group name based around our project we decided the name together in a team meeting. We wanted a team name that sounded professional.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\sb320\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf3\fs28 John Rehill\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 {\cf2\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 https}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 ://}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 s}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 3828158.}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 github}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 io}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 /}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 index}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://s3828158.github.io/index.html"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul\fs24 html}}}}\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1 S3828158, Team: Meta Tier Solutions\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj I originally come from Dublin, Ireland and my Irish accent is one of the things people notice about me. My father mentioned I was good at technical things so suggested I look into working with computers. I was one of the first people to have a home pc in my class so was pretty good in computer classes and assisted the teacher with instructing other students. I completed my year 12 equivalent in Ireland and started doing a programming course, but while walking through the local shops, a friend of a friend mentioned he was starting a computer hardware course so I dropped out of programming and did that. This gave me some good opportunities such as being able to travel to Florida for a couple of months as part of study work over there. After the course I got a position working with upgrading the Dublin health service government computers for the incoming Euro currency and Y2k changeover. Though it was a term project, I was able to impress my supervisor that I was asked to come onboard as a helpdesk agent in the IT call centre and while working with this organisation for several years I moved onto lab repair work and then onto fieldwork, driving around to different locations solving issues. I then relocated to Australia, I again got a job working in IT desktop support which I\rquote ve been doing for the last 14 years. I\rquote ve now moved away from the day to day desktop work to a mid-level role supervising the desktop support person, providing backup for the system administrators and working on various projects. I\rquote ve got a curious nature and I\rquote m always looking into new technology and trying to improve my knowledge with new things. I\rquote m also a typical gamer, playing a variety of PC games, Xbox and mobile platform games. As a family man, I encourage my kids to explore and try out new things so they can have a variety of choices as they get older. Although my background is strongly hardware side, I\rquote d like to get back into the programming/coding side of IT work and that\rquote s why I started with Open University/RMIT to see what the next step for me will be.\b\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\sb320\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf3\b0\fs28 Kyle Hudson\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1 {\cf2\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul https}}}}{\cf2\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul ://}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul khudson}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul -}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul debug}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul 979.}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul github}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul io}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://khudson-debug979.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22\line Team: Meta Tier Solutions\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj My first interest in IT was a young kid playing Doom and Quake. I wondered what made this wonderful machine work the way it did. I'm very interested in networking and hardware; building custom computers is something I enjoy. I;d love to build my own server, but currently lack the funds. I eventually got my own second hand computer and wrecked it within a week. Being a very experimental child, I deleted System32; after all, it was taking up so much space. When I was young, I ended up in foster care several times and one of the best places I ever stayed with was with my primary school IT teacher and his family. The efforts that family went to still blow my mind. I became who I am because of them. My teacher/foster father instilled a love of computers and IT that has lasted my entire life. I don't have much IT experience beyond clearing viruses from friends laptops and building my own PC. I tried to learn programming myself a few years ago, but I struggled with C++ and gave up after a couple months. I chose RMIT because it is well known for being great for IT. I figured I would pick the school with the best reputation for IT that I knew of. To be fair, I never gave it much thought. Somebody on Reddit messaged me when I was struggling and gave me the encouragement to enrol and get started, so I jumped in feet first and now, here we are. I'm hoping to become a competent programmer and learn more about networking, though I expect the total sum of knowledge I acquire to be much greater by the end of my studies. I don't really know exactly what my dream job would be, but I've been leaning more towards becoming a network engineer more than anything else.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\s1\sb400\sa120\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs40 Group Processes \par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs22 How we worked in Assessment two?\par
\b0 Assessment two we work extremely well together, at first we had a few issues with team members and people dropping out and no contact, but with these people leaving, we were given a new team member that really fit in. \par
\b Things we might change this Assessment?\par
\b0 There will be changes to the team meeting schedule, assessment two we got by with a couple of group meetings with all of us, then kept everyone up to speed with a group chat channel where we could talk to anyone anytime, with this assessment because there are two that need to be worked on, we will be having a lot more meetings as a group, this way we can all be kept up to speed with what's going on.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs40 Career Plans\cf6\fs24  \par

\pard\widctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\qj\cf2\fs22 Doug Barrett- Cyber Security\par
Kyle Hudson- Network Engineer\par
Matt Wilson- Web Application Development\par
Sean Cullen- Web Application Development\par
John- Software Development\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl276\slmult1\qj\b What common elements are there, if any?  And What differentiates each position from the others?\par
\b0 There are a few common elements when it comes to everyone's ideal jobs, the major on involves a solid grounding in programming and how computers can be connected together to communicate via a range of different protocols. With Matt, Sean and Johns ideal jobs programing will be a core requirement for any job in that field, the languages they need to learn could be vastly different depending on what company they apply for and the jobs that they take on\par
A quick comparison of two qualifications that are the same skill but different technologies in different jobs could look like this.,\par
If John was looking for work at Microsoft as a Software Engineer they will be looking for someone who has\cf7\fs24\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\widctlpar\fi-360\li720\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx720\cf2\fs22 Familiarity with Microsoft .NET technologies (C# and the .NET Framework) and/or competitive offerings (e.g. J2EE, WebLogic or WebSphere). Candidates should have previous experience with multiple product release cycles\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Experience with ASP.NET, MVC, or WCF/Web API or JAX-JS API\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul https}}}}{\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul ://}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul careers}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul microsoft}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul .}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul com}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul professionals}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul us}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul en}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul /}}}}{\cf2\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://careers.microsoft.com/professionals/us/en/professions"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\ul professions}}}}\cf2\highlight8\ulnone\f2\fs22 )\par
\par
Then if Matt and Sean where looking at Apple for a software engineering job they would be looking for someone who has \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\tx360\tx720\cf9\f0 Experience deploying software on elastic platforms such as Kubernetes, EC2, Mesos\par
Strong development skills in an OO language. We use Java.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj ({\cf2\highlight0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul https}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul ://}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul jobs}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul .}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul apple}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul .}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul com}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul /}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul en}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul -}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul us}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul /}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul details}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul /200089425/}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul software}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul -}}}}{\cf2\highlight0\ulnone\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200089425/software-engineer"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1\cf4\highlight8\ul engineer}}}}\cf9\ulnone\f0\fs22 )\par
\cf7\highlight10\par
\cf9\highlight8 Doug and Kyle where going for more network and communication style jobs, where programming will still be a fundamental skill to have but used in a completely different way, like writing scripts in Bash to run applications automatically, or reading the code of a virus or worm written in C++ or Java that is infecting the company's computers to get an understanding of how to stop it and protect from future ones like it, so yes they all have the same requirements of being able to program but that varies greatly depending on the job and field that person is working in.\par
\b How similar or different are your career plans across the group?\par
\b0 If you look at the groups desired careers just by their job title, then it looks like we all want similar outcomes, but when you ask each person individually where they want to go with that desired role, that is where it all begins to be vastly different from each other. Some of us just want to gain employment and have a steady job in a field that they are passionate about, but then some of us want to get more than that, we want to fully immerse ourselves in that field, learn everything that we can possibly can learn about it, then move on to something else. So our career plans might look similar but really underneath all the job titles it is enormously different.\cf2\highlight0\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\li360\sb400\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs40 Project Description\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\qj\cf6\b\fs22 Overview\par
\b0 Today, more than ever we are scraping for more minutes in the day after work and before bed to spend more time with our families and decompress. While many of us, myself included, find cooking very relaxing and fulfilling, often it is the last thing we want to do at the end of what was potentially a long day. This feeling of "I have to cook tonight" is no doubt heightened when it's a mammoth task to find something everyone in your house will not only eat but will nourish and sustain them. This is where META Foods comes into the picture, providing everyone from all walks of life a means of easily having affordable, delicious and healthy meals every night of the week. The cooking is still up to you (we aren't quite there yet) but we have taken care of doing all of the thinking for you when it comes to meeting your entire families dietary requirements, health goals and taking grocery shopping out of the equation while still supporting your local supermarkets.\par
\b What are your motivations for your project?\par
\b0 The motivations for this app are to bring something to the public to make life that little bit easier, to help people with planning meals to their requirements. Giving people a chance to make and eat healthier food in an age where it is made to think it is cheaper to eat junk food and to help those with food intolerances to have more variety with their menus.\par
\b Why is this project important or interesting?\par
\b0 This app is interesting as it doesn\rquote t just cater for one specific genre. This app caters for everyone. This app does the thinking for you when it comes to meeting your entire family\rquote s dietary requirements, health goals and taking grocery shopping out of the equation while still supporting your local supermarkets. This app is important for those on a low income who can\rquote t afford expensive elaborate meals but can still eat healthy and making sure their family eats healthy. This app is also important as it will make food preparation easier for those who lead busy lives with family where time is limited.\par
\b How does it fit in with current IT trends? \par
\b0 The app fits in with current IT trends as a lot of people use the internet and online services, either through their smartphones or home PC\rquote s and laptops. This app fits in with current IT trends as it utilises online grocery shopping, the use of databases for recipe searching and it fits in with current trends because of where the direction of the IoT is going, everything is becoming online based and people are using apps for everything to make life easy and integrated with their daily life.\par
\b What would it show to a future employer if you were able to work on this project? \par
\b0 This would show a future employer that we could effectively work as a team, meet deadlines, successfully complete the project and show that we can effectively work with the technology and software tools we have. As a team it would show a future employer how we utilise these skills in different areas and supporting our fellow teammates where it is needed.\par
\b What similar systems or products are available? \par
\b0 There are a lot of similar systems and products available online such as; Allrecipes dinner spinner, mealime, foodplanner, mealplan+, mealboard, eat this much, yummly and many more. {\cf1{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/best-meal-planning-apps/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/best-meal-planning-apps/\ul0\cf0}}}}\cf1\f0\fs22\par
\cf6\b What competitors are there? \par
\b0 The types of competitors that we will be up against are mealime, foodplanner, mealplan +, mealboard, eat this much, yummly, Hello Fresh, Paprika and Veganised.\line {\cf1{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/best-meal-planning-apps/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/best-meal-planning-apps/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \par
\b What points of difference are there about your project compared to what exist now? \par
\b0 There are delicious and healthy meals every night of the week. The cooking is still up to you (we aren't quite there yet) but we have taken care of doing all of the thinking for you when it comes to meeting your entire families dietary requirements, health goals and taking grocery shopping out of the equation while still supporting your local supermarkets. The difference between our project than most that are readily available online now is that ours interfaces with the local supermarket.\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\fs24\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s1\li360\sb400\sa120\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs40 Detailed Description\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\li360\sb360\sa120\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs32 Aims \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs22 The proposed projects main aim and goal is for a functional web application that is similarly to \ldblquote Dinnerly\rdblquote  or \ldblquote Hello Fresh\rdblquote  pre-prepared food delivery service except it is entirely online, you cook the meals yourself and it is accessed through a web based interface. \par
\par
\b How it Works\par
\b0\line The user can create an account where they can input all of their dietary requirements and then generate a structured meal plan and grocery list for the week, this makes planning meals and getting you or your family's dietary requirements meet quicker and easier than ever before. Your meal plans will be generated from a massive database full of pre prepared meal recipes, it will then look at your dietary needs and filter out any recipes that may contain food items that do not match your requirements, from there the meals that are listed to be ok and suitable will be generated as a list for you to either select from, or have the application randomly generate a suitable list for the week, now equipped with a meal plan with all your requirements, you can use your local supermarkets API to generate a shopping list and place an order with them for you to pick up or get delivered like woolworths \ldblquote click\rquote n\rquote Go\rdblquote , or you can grab that shopping list and download it to take with you to the shops yourself if you prefer. \par
\par
\b What are the most important parts of the project?\par
\par
Production\par
\b0 The production team will be in charge of developing and programing these main goals\b  \par
\b0 I.Web Interface\par
Using HTML and javascript the production team will produce an interactive interface where users can log on with their credentials securely to our database, they can then edit their personal information like address, phone numbers, contact information. Then from the web interface they can view their meal plans for the week, make changes to their diet if needed, place or edit orders, set their local supermarket.\par
II. Backend\par
\tab Using PHP, MySQL, or DJango will be need for backend development, this application will be using a database to store the users information, meal plans, passwords and general search queries that can be used for future meal planning. Backend development will be started once all the planning and testing is completed.\par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\par
\b Deployment\par
\b0 Meta Tier Solutions uses Amazon Web Services for deploying and hosting projects, the \cf11\highlight8 deployment team on this project will be using the same and will work together with the production team and provided the appropriate services and infrastructure that is required for this application. This goal will change as the application progress because the technology and software needed for this project might be completely different from what is first drafted.\par
\cf2\highlight0\b\par
Media\par
\b0 There will be a small team of people that will produce a video clip for advertising purposes, We hope to be able to have this done by the end of week six. A simple storyboard will be completed by week three giving the team a helping guide when it comes time to producing the video, using only basic editing software we hope to produce a small but effective five minute clip promoting the application.  \par
\b\par
Security\par
\b0\tab The security team on this project will be in charge of making sure the program and web interface is secure and that nothing sensitive is able to be leaked or viewed.\par
The first goal will be to make sure that the application can not be attacked with SQL injection, that all of the site is served over HTTPS and that the certificates for the domain is implemented properly, none of the users data is made public and is stored securely on AWS.\par
\par
The main goal that will be set above the others is the production teams aim of getting the web interface up and running. We have a limited amount of time to produce a working proto-type in 6 weeks, before the main part of the project is to be undertaken and the backend. So getting a working user interface using HTML and CSS is the number one goal, but implementing a small database and user search function would be great if the team gets the time.\par
\par
\par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf6\fs24 Plans and Progress \par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\li360\sb360\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Roles \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\i\fs22 Kyle Hudson\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\i0 Each team member was given specific tasks to complete. We found in Assignment 2 that having tasks spread between everyone on the team made it easier for everyone to know what needed to be done and what was already being done. We didn\rquote t change our method here, and discussed everyone\rquote s role on the team and their tasks during team meetings on Discord.\par
\par
\b Douglas\par
\b0\par
Scope and Limits\par
Skills and Jobs\par
Aims\par
Personal Information\par
\par
Having our Team Leader define the scope and limits of our project is a no brainer. As Team Leader, he decides exactly how far we need to go to consider our project complete and ready to submit for assessment. Taking care of skills and jobs also fits extremely well with Doug being our Team Leader as he will need to write position descriptions from the point of view of a project leader taking this project to completion. Doug went above and beyond on this project and took on extra work. He completed Aims which fits his role nicely, writing an overview for the project. Doug also finalised the personal information section in his spare time, copying over the information from Assignment 2.\par
\par
\b Sean\par
\b0\par
Tools and Tech\par
Overview\par
\par
Sean did a fantastic job on the tools section of Assignment 2, so as a group, we decided to have him complete the Tools section of this assignment as well as writing the overview section. Sean showed a lot of initiative in the previous assignment, and solid writing skills, so we felt his talents would work well here.\par
\par
\b Matt\par
\b0\par
Plan and Progress\par
Testing\par
\par
Matt is an excellent writer and team member, so getting him to complete the biggest written section detailing our project plan was a good idea. He has a lot of knowledge about the project and its goals, justifying using his talents here. As one of our more knowledgeable team members, having him take care of testing also makes sense, as he possesses the necessary skills to test the project thoroughly.\par
\par
\b Kyle\par
\b0\par
Roles\par
Group Processes\par
\par
Writing the Roles document should be easy for me, as I recognise our different team members differing skill sets and how they best apply to each role in the project. Group processes also comes naturally to me, as I have always worked well in teams. Understanding people and how they communicate will be most important for me roles in this project.\par
\par
\b John\par
\b0\par
Time Frame\par
Risks\par
\par
Having John tackle the time frame and risks sections adds together quite nicely, as I feel like there\rquote s going to be some overlap on these tasks. John is an intelligent individual with a great understanding of the project and its inherent risks. This should help him set a good time frame for us to follow. \par
\par
Potential Changes\par
\par
I don\rquote t foresee any changes to roles on this project, as everyone has their set tasks to complete which allows us to ensure a roughly even spread of work between all team members. If we suffer from communication issues, or if any more team members are unable to continue the course, we will re-examine roles. At this point though, they\rquote re fairly set in stone.\par
\par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf6\fs24 Scope and Limits \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b\fs22 Testing\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 We as team members have agreed to limit the amount of functions to be included in the application for the testing period, these functions will include an HTML landing page where the user can view a simple list of meals that he or she can have according to their dietary requirements, there will be no user logon function or account details due to the fact that the backend development will not begin until week 7 of the project, the search function will`] be mimicked by using HTML and CSS3 inventively to give the beta version the feel of being connected to a backend server and having that search function available. \par
We will also have a limited amount of different meal plans for the user to pick from but they will be able to get an overall feel for the websites functionality, and with what they will be able to do come launch time.\par
\b Deployment/Security\par
\b0 The application will be deployed before launch for final testing stages and security, all aspects of the applications functions will need to be tested for data leaks, SQL injection, site and email spoofing abilities, and cross site scripting. This will be done by a skilled penetration tester brought on by the group at a later stage.\par
\b Launch\par
\b0 Come launch time we hope to have all functions up and running including the supermarkets API integrated into the payment and ordering system. All backend programing will be completed a week from launch time to give the team some time to run real world tests and iron out any bugs they may encounter.\par
\par
Come week seven of the project is where it will get really busy due to the amount of backend programming to be done and then the deployment stage which includes security testing and then launching. Having only a limited time of 15 weeks to complete this project will be tight. And in the first 6 weeks will be where\par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\li360\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs28 Tools and Technologies \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\i\fs22 Sean Cullen\par
\b\i0 Hardware required for the project\par
\par
\b0\par
\b What software or other tools are required by the project?\par
\b0 Woolworths/Coles API\par
Eclipse IDE (Java)\par
Atom/Notepad++/sublime for writing HTML/JavaScript\par
Office 365\par
Windows 10 product keys \par
GitHub\par
Amazon Web Services\par
Cloud flare\par
MYSQL\par
MongoDB\par
Excel\par
GoDaddy\par
\par
\b Are there any software licenses needed?\b0  \par
Coles and Woolworths API (Application programming interface) office 365, Amazon Web Services - hosting services (Paid Service), Windows 10 product keys, Cloud flare and MongoDB\par
\par
Brief description of any prior experience any group members have had with the tools and technologies you list\par
\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\li360\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\b\fs28 Doug \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\b0\fs22\par
\b HTML/CSS3\par
\b0 I have had many years of on and off again experience with HTML dating back to when I was in school and used the internet for the first time on Netscape navigator. I have produced a few websites professionally and would say that I have a very good understanding of HTML 5 and CSS3.\par
\par
\par
\b GitHub\par
\b0 I am a new user to GitHub; I have only been using it professional for the last 12 months. There is still a lot of features that I have a limited amount of knowledge on, but I can use it comfortably in a professional setting.\par
\par
Atom/Notepad++\par
I have never used notepad++ but Atom I use all the time and is my go-to editor for writing HTML and CSS. I have used Atom for 3 years now and do not think that I would change unless I had to for a specific job or employer.\par
\par
\b Office 365\par
\b0 I do not use office at all, I have some experience in this set of application when I completed Cert III in business but other than that course, I do not use it at all.\par
\par
\b Eclipse\par
\b0 I have limited experience in using Eclipse as I have only been using it for the last 12 months, I have used it a long time ago when I was in school but not enough to retain any knowledge.\par
\par
\b Windows 10\par
\b0 I have used Windows 10 and other versions a lot and can say that I have a high working knowledge of this product, it is not my go to Operating System, but I do enjoy it over the other mainstream systems.\par
\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\li360\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs28 Matt\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par
\b Woolworths/Coles API\par
\b0 Nil\par
Amazon Web Services - hosting services (Paid Service)\par
I have been using AWS for the last several months to host the domain for the website I am currently developing for work. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.bigplay.store }}{\fldrslt{www.bigplay.store\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  \par
\par
\b Cloudflare \b0\f1\endash\f0  Web Infrastructure and security (Paid Service)\par
Cloudflare has been used in tandem with AWS to provide the security and infrastructure to the website. It has excellent DDOS protection and makes forwarding and dns management very easy.\par
\par
\b GoDaddy \b0\f1\endash\f0  Domain registrar (Paid service)\par
GoDaddy again is a domain registrar I have been using for a long time when organizing hosting and/or domain registration for clients.\par
\par
\b MongoDB \b0\f1\endash\f0  Database (Paid Service)\par
I have a significant amount of experience with database management and administration, whoever, this only extends to MSSQL and MYSQL. I have not yet utilized mongo dB, but it is the platform of choice for many larger web-based applications looking to use cloud databases, which in this case, applies to this project.\par
\par
\b Eclipse IDE\b0  (Java)\par
Fairly extensive use of this IDE across a few languages.\par
\par
\b Atom/Notepad++/Sublime Text 3\b0  for writing HTML/JavaScript\par
Sublime text is my choice of these, and I have used Sublime for many years.\par
\par
\b Office 365\par
\b0 Office is something I spent much of my previous job role working with. My experience with Excel is extremely extensive.\par
\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\li360\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs28 Sean\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22 Office 365\par
\b0 I have used Office 365 for a few years now within professional sectors and home use.\par
\par
\b Sublime Text\par
\b0 I only started using Sublime text editor these past couple of months I have had no prior experience using a text editor.\par
\par
\b GitHub\par
\b0 I have only used GitHub these past couple of months I have had no prior experience.\par
\par
\b Woolworths/ Coles API\par
\b0 No experience using an API\par
\par
\b Eclipse IDE\par
\b0 I have had no experience using Eclipse IDE. I will start using this tool when I start doing the intro to programming course.\par
\par
\b Notepad ++/ Atom\par
\b0 No experience using Notepad, but I am looking to get using this program. The same applies to Atom.\par
\par
\b Windows 10/professional\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\b0 I have years of experience working with Windows operating systems. Over the past couple of years, I have worked with Windows 10 and Windows 10 professional version.\cf6\fs24\par

\pard\keep\keepn\pagebb\widctlpar\s3\li360\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs28 John\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par
\b GitHub\par
\b0 I had never used GitHub before to work with any projects although I did have a GitHub account and through my career as an IT professional.\par
\par
\b Notepad++\par
\b0 I have used Notepad++ for several years as I found its\rquote  default syntax highlighting and code formatting to be very helpful. \par
\par
\b Office 365\par
\b0 I have used Office 365 for several years, not just the Office 365 client suite but other Office 365 services such as Share point. \par
\par
\b Eclipse IDE\par
\b0 I haven\rquote t yet used this product as I have not yet reached a programming stage of my coursework \par
\par
\b Woolworths/Coles API\par
\b0 While I am familiar with APIs as a concept and have used various software packages or tools that use APIs, the process of implementing a use case myself has not yet come about.\par
\par
\b Amazon Web Services - hosting services (Paid Service)\par
\b0 I have no experience with this service although I am familiar with the Azure platform that is offered by Microsoft as I use it in a corporate sense\par
\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s3\li360\sb320\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf3\fs28 Kyle\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par
\b Eclipse IDE\par
\b0 I have actively used eclipse for about 2 months \par
\par
\b notepad++ \par
\b0  I have used this text editor actively for 2 months, \par
\par
\b office 365 \par
\b0  I have used this tool for years, before it was a subscription-based model, \par
\par
\b GitHub \par
\b0  I have used this tool for 2 months and no experience with the other tools. \par
\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf6\fs24\par
\par
Testing \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf6\fs24 Timeframe \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf6\fs24 Risks \par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s4\li360\sb280\sa80\sl276\slmult1\cf6\fs24 Group processes and communications \par

\pard\pagebb\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\cf2\fs22\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\li360\sb360\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Skills and Jobs\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\i\fs22 Doug Barrett\par
\b\i0 Internal App Development Team Leader\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0 From the design perspective of this app bringing on a development team leader would be the highest priority, as this application would have been in development for 15 weeks prior to to this and to not have someone that has been there from the very beginning would be dreprementual to the whole way the application is meant to feel and work. This would not mean that anyone from the original team could take on this role, they would have to show extremely confident team leadership and management skills, a thorough understanding of all the skills required to produce the application from the website to the backend.\b\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj Programmer (server-side) \par
\b0 As the application will have the majority of the frontend complete and setup, ready for the backend development to begin the team will need to bring on board a skilled programmer that has a few years team work experience, does not need to be leadership experience but that would be a bonus, will need knowledge of one or more of PHP, Python, Ruby, Java, .NET, JavaScript as the team is open to a new direction for the backend if presented with one. And have an active imagination ready to tackle issues that arises with innovative approaches.\par
\par
\b Web Designer\par
\b0 As the majority of the website will have been completed the team will be looking for a web developer that can keep up with bugs that arise with the site, be able to have a quick response time in regards to fixing the bugs. They will need to be very team orientated and have plenty of team work ethic as communicating with others in the team will be a major part of finding issues, fixing them and reporting back to make management aware of any issues that have come up. Skillset will include a working knowledge of HTML 5, CSS, Javascript, there will be plenty of time to gain experience while on the job as they will be working with a skilled team.\par
This is a perfect job for a person that is looking for the next step after their traineeship or to improve their skill set and build on what they already know.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\qj\b Web Application Security Engineer\par
\b0 With the application coming into the final stages of development the team is looking for a skilled web app security engineer, Primary Responsibilities will be static/dynamic code testing, manual code inspection, threat modeling, design reviews and penetration testing of internal web applications and external partner applications to identify vulnerabilities and security defects. This position will need to have at least 5 years working experience behind them, Experience in the use of various commercial and open source penetration testing tools and methodologies and performing penetration testing of web applications and operating systems.\par

\pard\widctlpar\li360\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\li360\sb360\sa120\sl276\slmult1\fs32 Feedback \par
Group Reflection \par
}
 